Ques-1 What is the difference between Internet and Cloud Computing?
      Internet is a network of networks, which provides software/hardware infrastructure to establish and maintain connectivity of the computers around the word, while 
      Cloud computing is a new technology that delivers many types of resources over the Internet. Therefore Cloud computing could be identified as a technology that 
      uses the Internet as the communication medium to deliver its services. Cloud services can be offered within enterprises through LANs but in reality, Cloud 
      computing cannot operate globally without the Internet.

Ques-2 What is the commercial cloud?
      The commercial cloud refers to cloud computing systems built solely for the paying customer with no specific industry in mind. While some people might mistake a 
      commercial cloud for public cloud solutions, this is often unhelpful. Enterprises can also choose to set up a private cloud ecosystem for themselves within a 
      commercial cloud platform.
      A commercial cloud requires some customization to meet industry-specific requirements especially for businesses functioning within the manufacturing industry. To 
      accomplish the customization process, an enterprise may need to purchase additional management tools or features to accomplish industry-specific tasks. Examples 
      of commercial cloud solutions include Microsoft’s Azure and Amazon Web Services.


Ques-3 Cluster and Utility computing
  (a) Cluster Computing   (https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/an-overview-of-cluster-computing/)
      Multiple servers are grouped together to achieve the same business and regarded as one computer.
      Cluster computing is a collection of tightly or loosely connected computers that work together so that they act as a single entity. The connected computers 
      execute operations all together thus creating the idea of a single system. The clusters are generally connected through fast local area networks (LANs)

  (b) Utility Computing   (https://www.javatpoint.com/cloud-computing-technologies)
      Utility computing is the most trending IT service model. It provides on-demand computing resources (computation, storage, and programming services via API) and 
      infrastructure based on the pay per use method. It minimizes the associated costs and maximizes the efficient use of resources. The advantage of utility 
      computing is that it reduced the IT cost, provides greater flexibility, and easier to manage.
      Large organizations such as Google and Amazon established their own utility services for computing storage and application.
      
Ques-4 Characteristics of Cloud Computing
      1. On-demand self-services: Users can use the cloud service as per demand
                           In cloud computing, multiples client can share the resourcea and applications at the same time. These cloud services and resources can 
                           be used on demand and often bought on a subscription basis without Human interaction with the service provider.
      2. Borad network access: Can be access anytime from anywhere.
                           The serviece can be accessed on the internet anytime and anywhere in the world through multiple devices such as mobile,laptop,tablets etc.
      3. Resourse Pooling: Multiple users sharing pool of resourse.
                           The resource like virtual server space network connections,bandwidth etc are pooled by multiple users, simultaneous from any location,
                           without being interfered by the other users.
      4. Scalability: Resourse can scaled at anytime.
                           One of the great thing about the cloud computing is the ability to quickly provision resources in the cloud as the organization need them. 
                           (and then to remove them when they don't need them).
      5. Measure Service: Maintining tools.
      6. Security: Copy of our data on various servers. If one fails, data is saves on other.

Ques-5 Cloud Computing
      The term cloud refers to a network or the internet. It is a technology that uses remote servers on the internet to store, manage, and access data online rather
      than local drives. The data can be anything such as files, images, documents, audio, video, and more.
      * Cloud computing is the delivery of different services through the Internet, including data storage, servers, databases, networking, and software.
      * Cloud-based storage makes it possible to save files to a remote database and retrieve them on demand.
      * Services can be both public and private—public services are provided online for a fee while private services are hosted on a network to specific clients.
      * Cloud security has become an increasingly important field in IT.

Ques-6 Hybrid Cloud
       Hybrid cloud is a combination of public and private clouds.
       Hybrid cloud = public cloud + private cloud
       The main aim to combine these cloud (Public and Private) is to create a unified, automated, and well-managed computing environment.
       In the Hybrid cloud, non-critical activities are performed by the public cloud and critical activities are performed by the private cloud.
       Mainly, a hybrid cloud is used in finance, healthcare, and Universities.
       The best hybrid cloud provider companies are Amazon, Microsoft, Google, Cisco, and NetApp.

Ques-7 Difference between Hybrid and community coud
      https://www.researchgate.net/figure/Comparison-among-Public-Private-Hybrid-and-Community-Cloud_tbl1_27095859
      https://networkinterview.com/public-vs-private-vs-hybrid-vs-community-clouds/
      
Ques-8 Difference between Public and Private cloud
                   Public                                                                                    Private
      * When the computing infrastructure and resources are shared to the public           When the computing infrastructure and the resources are shared to the private
        via the internet, it is known as a public cloud.                                   network via the internet, it is known as a private cloud.
      * A public cloud is like a multi-tenant in which the network is managed by           A private cloud is like a single-tenant in which the network is handled by 
        your service provider.                                                             the in-house team.
      * Here the data of several enterprises is stored.                                    Here the data of a single enterprise is stored
      * It supports the activity performed over the public network or internet.            It supports the activity performed over the private network or internet.
      * The scalability is high in a public cloud.                                         The scalability is limited in a private cloud.
      * Reliability is moderate here.                                                      Reliability is high here.
      * The security depends on the service provider.                                      It delivers a high class of security.
      * It is affordable as compared to the private cloud.                                 It is expensive as compared to the public cloud.
      * In the public cloud, the performance is low to medium.                             The performance is high in a private cloud.
      * It covers the shared servers.                                                      It covers the devoted servers.

Ques-9 Security As a Service
       Security as a service (SECaaS) allows companies to use an external provider to handle and manage cybersecurity. Outsourced security solutions cover services
       like data loss prevention, antivirus management and intrusion detection. By using a SECaaS vendor, companies benefit from the expertise and innovation of a 
       dedicated cybersecurity team specializing in the intricacies of preventing breaches in a cloud computing environment.
       Security as a service (SECaaS) is an outsourced service wherein an outside company handles and manages your security. At its most basic, the simplest example 
       of security as a service is using an anti-virus software over the Internet.
       Benefits of SECaaS
       All businesses, large and small, can benefit from using a SECaaS provider rather than on-premises security solutions. A few benefits are the following:
       * You have access to the latest security technology, which is critical because technology changes quickly and becomes obsolete over time.
       * You have access to experts who are focused solely on security so your team can focus solely on your business.
       * You have flexibility to scale security up or down quickly because SECaaS offerings provide instant access on demand.
       
       Cloud Security consists of:-
       - set of policies
       - controls
       - procedures
       - technologies
       that work together to protect cloud based system, data and infrastructure.
       service delivery depend upon the individual cloud service provider or the cloud security solution.
       CHALLENGES/ISSUES
       -> Data loss
       -> Hacked interfaces and APIs
       -> Data Breach(Hacking of Data)
       -> Vendor-lock-in (Different-different platform)
       -> Denial of Service(DoS) attack (Flooding of service with so much traffic)
       -> Account Hijacking
       -> Misconfiguration
       -> Accidental Exposure
       -> CyberSecurity Attack
       -> Data Privacy & confidentiality
       
Ques-10 What is the Cloud Ecosystem?
         The cloud ecosystem represents the web of components that come together to deliver cloud services. Cloud computing hardware and software, cloud developers, 
         consultants, integrators, collaborators, and clients each contribute to this overall system in their own way. Alone, each player in the system can only do so 
         much. But as a whole, they create a system that offers incredible power and benefits. 
         Harnessing cloud computing can help streamline services, allow businesses to offer competitive prices, increase the speed of provisioning, and much more. 
         Working together as a more extensive network furthers businesses toward greater collaboration and data analytics, spurs innovation, and pushes companies 
         toward exponential growth. 

Ques-11 Benefits and Characterisitics of cloud computing
        https://www.javatpoint.com/advantages-and-disadvantages-of-cloud-computing

Ques-12 Objective of Cloud LifeLifeCycle
        1. Accelerating the delivery of cloud services in response to business needs.
        2. Automating provisioning and workflows, both for speed and cost savings.
        3. Enabling the users to request flexible configurable cloud services for their specific use cases.
        4. Supporting the use of public cloud infrastructures to augment internal resources.
        5. Maximizing resource utilization by ensuring unused cloud services are reclaimed.

Ques-13 What is a data center?
A data center -- also known as a datacenter or data centre -- is a facility composed of networked computers, storage systems and computing infrastructure that 
organizations use to assemble, process, store and disseminate large amounts of data. A business typically relies heavily on the applications, services and data 
contained within a data center, making it a critical asset for everyday operations.

Enterprise data centers increasingly incorporate facilities for securing and protecting cloud computing resources and in-house, on-site resources. As enterprises turn 
to cloud computing, the boundaries between cloud providers' data centers and enterprise data centers become less clear-cut
